Port MASTG-TEST-0088 (by @appknox) (#3073)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: tests-beta/ios/MASVS-RESILIENCE/MASTG-TEST-0x88.md

---
platform: ios
title: Jailbreak Detection in Code
id: MASTG-TEST-0x88
type: [dynamic]
weakness: MASWE-0097
false_negative_prone: true
---

## Overview

> The test verifies that a mobile app can detect if the iOS device it is running on is jailbroken. It does so by statically analyzing the app binary for [common jailbreak detection checks](../../../Document/0x06j-Testing-Resiliency-Against-Reverse-Engineering.md#common-jailbreak-detection-checks). For example, the app may check for the presence of Cydia, the most common package manager for jailbroken devices, or for the presence of certain files or directories that are indicative of a jailbroken device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test verifies that a mobile app can detect if the iOS device it is running on is jailbroken. It does so by statically analyzing the app binary for [common jailbreak detection checks](../../../Document/0x06j-Testing-Resiliency-Against-Reverse-Engineering.md#common-jailbreak-detection-checks). For example, the app may check for the presence of a third party app store (e.g. Sileo, Zebra, ...), or for the presence of certain files or directories that are indicative of a jailbroken device.
```

> The limitations of static analysis should be considered. It is possible that the app uses more sophisticated jailbreak detection techniques that are not detected by the tool used. In such cases, careful manual reverse engineering and deobfuscation are required to identify the jailbreak detection checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The limitations of static analysis should be considered. It is possible that the app uses more sophisticated jailbreak detection techniques that are not detected by the used tool. In such cases, careful manual reverse engineering and deobfuscation are required to identify the jailbreak detection checks.
```
